[Data Release] Improvements (#3062)
aces/Loris: modules/data_release/README.md

## Permissions

> - Only users with `data_release_upload` an superusers can upload anything, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users with `data_release_upload` and superusers can upload anything, 
```

> no one else has upload permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Only users with `data_release_edit_file_access` and superusers can grant 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users with `data_release_edit_file_access` and superusers can grant 
```

> permissions whether by "version" or specific "file_name".

Reviewer: add ending dot to line 36

  `modules/data_release/user_uploads directory`, which can easily be symlinked
  to another location if necessary. Note that this directory needs to be
  writable by your web server.

## Other notes:

- Uploads are stored under the `modules/data_release/user_uploads` directory which 
can easily be symlinked to another location if necessary, ensure that it can be written 
to by your web server.

> - Remove permissions by deleting rows in the data_release_permissions table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove permissions by deleting rows in the data_release_permissions table.
```

  `modules/data_release/user_uploads directory`, which can easily be symlinked
  to another location if necessary. Note that this directory needs to be
  writable by your web server.

## Other notes:

> - Uploads are stored under the modules/data_release/user_uploads directory which 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uploads are stored under the `modules/data_release/user_uploads` directory which 
```

> can easily be symlinked to another location if necessary, but please create and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can easily be symlinked to another location if necessary, ensure that it can be written to by your web server.
```

> make sure it is writable by your web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Remove permissions by deleting rows in the data_release_permissions table

> - Upload date will automatically be added during file upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload date will automatically be added during file upload.
```
as well as line 57
